What is information bubble
 
	1). Research
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Filter_bubble  A filter bubble is a state of intellectual isolation[1] that can result from personalized searches when a website algorithm selectively guesses what information a user would like to see based on information about the user, such as location, past click-behavior and search history.[2][3][4] As a result, users become separated from  information that disagrees with their viewpoints, effectively isolating them in their own cultural or ideological bubbles.[5]

http://guides.library.illinois.edu/c.php?g=348478&p=2347794   "Filter bubble" refers to a phenomenon that occurs with many of the websites that we use: algorithms (mathematical equations) use our search history and personal information to tailor results to us. So the exact same search, using exactly the same search words, can return different results for different individuals. This is called personalization.

https://www.quora.com/What-is-a-filter-bubble  A filter bubble is the intellectual isolation that can occur when websites make use of algorithms to selectively assume the information a user would want to see, and then give information to the user according to this assumption. 

https://apus.libanswers.com/faq/120117  When you search Google or scroll through your Facebook feed, you may have noticed that you see a lot of ads or posts that seem tailored just for you.  That's because most search engines and social networks are designed to collect data about your preferences (based on your search history, the things you click on and the posts that you make) and "push" more of what you like to you.   So, when you Google something, you'll get a completely different set of results (at least on the first page) than do your friends, classmates and instructors.  This has been called a filter bubble...and we each have our own. 

https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/filter_bubble  A situation in which an Internet user encounters only information and opinions that conform to and reinforce their own beliefs, caused by algorithms that personalize an individual’s online experience.
‘the personalization of the web could gradually isolate individual users into their own filter bubbles’

http://www.intotheminds.com/blog/en/big-data-4-types-of-filter-bubbles/ In this article we propose of framework to categorize filter bubbles. We propose 4 types of filter bubbles depending on the data used.
https://newthinking.tools/resources/insights-and-hooks/burst-your-filter-bubble/  We all filter out information because there’s just so much of it out there. Algorithms do it for us when we search online or use social media. But the world outside your filter bubble could be a great source of new insights.
http://citigatedewerogerson.com/living-in-the-era-of-the-filter-bubble/  One definition of living in a bubble is that you never leave your comfort zone. Getting out of your particular bubble is uncomfortable and explains why people recreate the bubbles they are familiar with time and time again, whether it’s in jobs or relationships.
  
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/277351  The digital echo chamber can lead people to stop expanding their horizons and learning new information. Therefore, Hyper Island, a company that focuses on educational programs and courses as well as innovation consulting for companies, put together an infographic to help raise awareness of these filter bubbles. Check out the flowchart below to find out the level of insulation you experience online.

	2) Summary
	I bought a mattress on sale. What happened in the following weeks surprised me: I constantly receiving many ADs of the attractive mattresses. What do they think? I need another mattress putting on the top of my new one? Same thing happened when I bought a pulling bag, it seems in a sudden all the American luggage businessmen earnestly want me to buy some more. I once got puzzled on how could they so powerful on information, until this time my teammates brought a word to me: Filter Bubble. Then I started to understand what behind these strange comercial behaviors. 
   
	Filter Bubble, an intelligent outcome of the searching engine, the personalized filter gatekeepers, editors, based on what you click first, is getting more and more  attention. According to  wikipedia the nature of it is  “a state of intellectual isolation”, which comes from “personalized searches”, and the cause of it is” a website algorithm selectively guesses what information a user would like to see based on information about the user”. It seems the searching engines have ability to spy on you, have intelligence to collect them as information, and have character of pleasing you by offer you only those  you what to see. 
 
	Why filter bubble is the intellectual isolation? Just think if you could only be fed of the information of what you like to hear, what to see and expect to have,  would you be enclosed by self-satisfaction? Could you be separated from what disagrees with your viewpoints? So professionals conclude: Algorithm results intellectual isolation.

	 Pierre-Nicolas Schwab  distinguishes filter bubbles into four different types by  perspectives of how they are created: The one created by audience measurement;  The one created by hyperlinks; The one created by social geetkeepers (= influencers); And the one created by our own behavior. http://www.intotheminds.com/blog/en/big-data-4-types-of-filter-bubbles/

 	No matter how the filter bubble formed, it brought us a severe fact: The hidden web is trying hard to shape our lives by working on “our future selves and the resent selves”. On one hand we need internet connect us, on the other hand, how could we allow it lead to the cultural and intellectual isolation and finally we’ll lose the status of being free?   It is good thing that people started paying attention on Filter bubbles, which could be the way of intellectual isolation towards people, even worth, could become the tool of mind control as well as ideology misleading. 
